I've been with Allianz since 2020, so I joined around the peak epidemic. My role was to design and implement the infrastructure in Azure. we can talk about technology choices in a minute. I've been told to build up the infrastructure to host the applications, which people from the development move from on-prem infrastructure. They have buckets of Windows base applications in .net core and they rolled a large chunk of it in .net core, basically migrated that to host on k8s My job was to build the individual environments so that we could move them those applications through those environments, make sure they are adhering to their quality, the security standard, to the regulatory standard, and then we could present them to the actual customers

My first job was building the k8s clusters so that we could host the applications; the applications are written in microservices pattern, so each single microservice has its own entities working on it's own container, using its own database and stuff like that

We have five environments at the moment; the largest one is the production one, which is seven nodes, but that's gonna be growing pretty rapidly, parallel to that we use the engine called The App Service Environment(ASE), that's the service from Azure which allows you to run legacy windows applications without need to host your own server, basically your IIS application id started into App Service Enviroment, it needs its own kind of container, it is not really container because windows doesn't have containers, but its is just emulate the IIS, and it is managed. it takes of you the security patching and all the operations related to VMs hosting.

I'll share my screen and actually show you what we do. So go to https://quote.allianz.ie/. This is one of our applications, which we host on the K8s. That is the new application but there are also things like for instance the MyAllianz Applications which is a portal related to the tthe insurance different kind that moved to Azure recently two weeks ago So Zahra is playing an important part in that, Zahra was hired roughly a month after me. so we worked together on building the entire infrastructure and building the operational sites around this. We have loads of DevOps stuff here. This is one of the applications. We have loads of DevOps metrics and Dashboard stuff like that. We work primerly on Garrafana. There is Promethouse metrics. It is bit noisy at the moment we need to do some cleaning extra. So Part of the problem at the moment is that we grow so rapidly taht we all need a staff which wasnot necessary to sastain application as we .. But now we need somebody else to help us with cleaning, extra, so putting some operational oversight, let's put it that way, and helping us. It is not about building anything from scratch; it is more about sustaining what we have at the moment and helping us sustain this entire ship. if that makes sence.
